docs: add note for ldap auth to upgrade guide (#28015)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.16.x.mdx

plugin process starts with `SOURCE=parent` and Vault reports a conflict for
`myplugin`.

### LDAP auth login changes

> The LDAP auth method requires the `userdn` value to be scoped to a path which
> includes the OU in which users reside.
> 
> The consequence of not configuring this correctly means users will be unable to login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users cannot log in using LDAP unless the LDAP plugin is configured
with an `userdn` value scoped to an organization unit (OU) where the
user resides.
```

Style correction: write in active voice
